#1418 remove cypresss (#1485)
tl-its-umich-edu/my-learning-analytics: docs/testing.md

## Testing

> The application currently uses frameworks for frontend testing: [Jest](https://jestjs.io/). There are plans to implement back-end tests in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application currently uses one framework for frontend testing: [Jest](https://jestjs.io/). There are plans to implement back-end tests in the future.
```
